Features List

Light Sources – Some rooms will be dark initially and require a light source to be illuminated and then described. A light source is a
type of item that can be lit and uses fuel over time until it will eventually run out and cease to work as a light source. To test the
light source in supplemental.bork, go to the Rotunda Balcony (u from entry) and take the Flashlight. Then go to Stephen’s Office (d,d,w
from balcony) which will be dark upon entry. Type “turn Flashlight on” to turn on the flashlight and then see the room. You can then turn
the flashlight off by typing “turn Flashlight off”. Then turn it back on and kill time by executing other commands (i.e. call move e and w
repetitively) till it runs out of fuel.

Non Player Characters – As the player traverses the dungeon they may run across other characters or NPC. These NPCs have their own health,
score, inventory, location, description and weapon. They can be interacted with via the combat feature (see below). All NPCs are assumed
to be hostile as dungeons are dangerous places to be. To test NPCs and also combat/weapons go up to the Rotunda Balcony (u from entry) and
take the Sword. Then go down to the basement hallway (d,d from balcony). You will find a Troll attack the troll by typing “attack Troll
with Sword” repeat until you or it dies.

Combat/Weapons – When a player comes across another character they can engage in combat with them via the attack command, which will
initiate a round of combat with the player striking at the NPC and then the NPC (assuming they didn’t die from the player’s strike)
strikes them back. To attack the player needs to find a weapon within the dungeon. A weapon is a type of item that has a damage value to
it so it can wound other characters. 

Look command – A player will be able to look around the room they are currently in if they wish to. The command will call all describe
methods for the room, and all the items, NPCs, and exits in the room, if the room is not dark or the player has an active light source. To
test this feature, go to a room you have already visited and type “look” to get a description of everything in the room.
